DOC-2022: Added TINY-9464 to the release notes. (#2706)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

=== Accessibility Checker 3.2.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Accessibility Checker** premium plugin.

**Accessibility Checker** 3.2.0 includes the following fixes.

> === contenteditable="false" elements were not properly ignored by `allychecker`.
> //#TINY-9464
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, elements with `contenteditable="false" attributes were not properly ignored by the Accessibility Checker Premium plugin.
> 
> As a consequence, the Accessibility Checker would find matching rules inside `contenteditable="false"` content.
> 
> A fix was applied to Accessibility Checker in {productname} 6.5, that now allows Accessibility Checker to ignore issues found inside `contenteditable="false"` content.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Elements with `contenteditable="false"` attributes set were not properly ignored by the Accessibility Checker.
//#TINY-9464

Previously, elements with `contenteditable="false"` attributes set were not properly ignored by the Accessibility Checker Premium plugin.

As a consequence, the Accessibility Checker would, incorrectly, find and report accessibility errors concerning content within such elements.

Accessibility Checker 3.2.0 correctly ignores elements with `contenteditable="false"` attributes set.

For information on the **Accessibility Checker** plugin, see: xref:a11ychecker.adoc[Accessibility Checker].
```
